okay so the second one in the big three
natural treatments is called stinging
nettle so stinging nettle is native to
Europe Asia northern Africa and North
America and is best known number of the
nettle Jeunesse Eureka the plant has
many hollows stinging hairs called
trichomes on its leaves and stems which
act like hypodermic needles injecting
histamine and other chemicals that
produce a stinging sensation when
contacted by humans and other animals
the plant has a long history of use as a
medicine and as a food source extracts
of nettle have been included in hair
tonics for centuries due to its
purported ability to stimulate hair
growth in clinical research nettle has
demonstrated the ability to stop
conversion of testosterone to
dihydrotestosterone by inhibiting
aromatisse an enzyme required for the
conversion of estrogen as well as to
directly bind to SH VG which is sex
hormone binding globulin itself thereby
preventing SHBG from binding to other
hormones other research also reveals
that nettles can prevent SHBG that has
already bound to a hormone from
attaching to the receptor sites on the
prostate as well as to decrease the
production of estrogens by inhibiting an
enzyme required for their production
so in summary most of the intercellular
processes required to trigger the
prostate to grow new cells and enlarge
seems to be inhibited by nettle root
human and animal clinical studies have
confirmed these effects and also
demonstrated that nettle root works as
well as the drug finasteride which is
prescribed for BPH and is also better
tolerated than the drug nettle has been
employed for the general purposes
of an astringent both internally and
externally in hemorrhages
ill-conditioned ulcers and chronic
disease of the mucous membranes of the
bronchi bowels and urinary organs it is
one of the wild plants still gathered
each spring in rural regions as a spring
tonic and pot herb it makes a healthy
and very nutritious vegetable which is
cleansing and easy to digest an old
country remedy for chronic rheumatism
and arthritis is the irrigation or
flogging with Nettles some folks even
keep a nettle plant growing on a sunny
windowsill so that the healing stings
might be applied throughout the winter
it is a strange fact that the juice of
the nettle proves antidote for its own
sting and being applied will afford
instant relief possible although usually
not serious side effects that have been
reported with this supplement include
upset stomach sweating diarrhea stinging
itching rash and burning usually after
exposure to fresh stinging nettle leaves
ok so combining saw palmetto and natto
has been known to work even better
instead of saw palmetto itself but there
is one more in the big three natural
treatment category and is known for when
all three of these natural treatments
are combined that makes for a great
combination and it lies in the next
video so I'll see you there
you